There's a lot of socialization that happens outside of the military for
military members. This is what I mean. So you're with these guys from
the morning until you know work ends at like four, five o'clock
and you would think that hey you know what, in a civilian job you take
off you know do my own thing. But it turns out that when these are
your friends you know, these are the guys that you're joking around
with, these are the guys that you've been on deployment with and you
have to see them everyday. You become very much like family you know,
very much like brothers and sisters. So as soon as work ends, these
same guys are going to be going to the local bar and drinking and chatting
and maybe then going to somebody's house and playing video
games and stuff so it's very very close here.